Add Included models tab documentation (#103)
IBM/bamoe-docs: tools/authoring-decisions.adoc

It is not enough to hover over the **Decision Service** node, as it is for other DMN node types.

===== Unknown node

Is a node with an invalid DMN element reference(`dmnElementRef`).

> We can not render such node properly as we miss details about the node.

Reviewer: We cannot render such a node properly as it has missing details.

> For such nodes editor users will see a placeholder node.

Reviewer: For such nodes, users will see a placeholder node.

image::tools/authoringDecisions/new-editor-unknown-node.png[]

(1) Reference is the `dmnElementRef`` value that could not resolve to a node.
The editor does not provide a feature to change this value.
To change this value, open and edit the file manually outside the editor.

> Other possible fixes are including a model that contains a node with `id` equal to the given `dmnElementRef` value or defining such a node in the current model.

Author: thank you, added

> Other possible fixes are including a model that contains a node with `id` equal to the given `dmnElementRef` value or defining such a node in the current model.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I wasn't clear. My comment regarding the `dmnElementRef` was to give you a little bit more context, as the "Other possible fixes are including a model that contains a node with `id` equal to the given `dmnElementRef` value" is a wrongful statement. Including a model that contains the `id` wouldn't fix the issue, only if the `dmnElementRef` points to the correct QName (`namespaceDeclarationName:id`).

> Other possible fix is to include a model that contains a node with `id` equal to given `dmnElementRef` value or to define such a node in the current model.

Reviewer: **(1) Reference** is the `dmnElementRef` value that could not resolve to a node.
The editor does not provide a feature to change this value.
To change this value, open and edit the file manually outside the editor.
Other possible fixes are including a model that contains a node with `id` equal to the given `dmnElementRef` value or defining such a node in the current model.

It is not enough to hover over the **Decision Service** node, as it is for other DMN node types.

===== Unknown node

Is a node with an invalid DMN element reference(`dmnElementRef`).
We cannot render such a node properly as the reference couldn't be found on the current model.
For such nodes, users will see a placeholder node.

image::tools/authoringDecisions/new-editor-unknown-node.png[]

(1) Reference is the `dmnElementRef` value that could not resolve to a node.
The editor does not provide a feature to change this value.
To change this value, open and edit the file manually outside the editor.

> The `dmnElementRef` has a `QName` value, with the `namespaceDeclarationName:nodeId` format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `dmnElementRef` has a `QName` value, with the `namespaceDeclarationName:nodeId` format. For elements that are referenced on the current namespace, `namespaceDeclarationName` isn't present, meaning the `dmnElementRef` will have the `nodeId` format.
```

Author: @ljmotta thank you, done

> - The `namespaceDeclarationName` part should equal to one of the namespaces from the <<included-models, Included models>> tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `namespaceDeclarationName` part should be equal to the declaration name of the included model namespace, which must be included on the <<included-models, Included models>> tab.
```

Author: @ljmotta thank you, done

It is not enough to hover over the **Decision Service** node, as it is for other DMN node types.

===== Unknown node

Is a node with an invalid DMN element reference(`dmnElementRef`).
We cannot render such a node properly as the reference couldn't be found on the current model.
For such nodes, users will see a placeholder node.

image::tools/authoringDecisions/new-editor-unknown-node.png[]

(1) Reference is the `dmnElementRef`` value that could not resolve to a node.
The editor does not provide a feature to change this value.
To change this value, open and edit the file manually outside the editor.
Other possible fixes are including a model that contains a node with `id` equal to the given `dmnElementRef` value or defining such a node in the current model.
The `dmnElementRef` has a `QName` value, with the `namespaceDeclarationName:id` syntax.
With elements on the current model, it's not necessary to add the `namespaceDeclarationName:` hence the `id`.
On the other hand, models that have included models will have the `namespaceDeclarationName` declared, e.g. `xmlns:included0="<namespace>"`.

> Adding external elements of this included model will result on `dmnElementRef="included0:id"`.

Reviewer 2: @jomarko As mentioned on my reply, I don't think this should be added to the docs, at least not this way. Could you please revisit this section?

Author: @ljmotta thank you, I pushed new version!

**(1) all models** is the current workspace name indicator.
The **all models** is the workspace name used only for this demo.
You can choose any workspace name you need.

**(2) Model** is a dropdown that will list all **DMN** and **PMML** models from the **all models** workspace.

**(3) Name** is a namespace we give to the included model, which will be used for referencing included nodes and data types.

NOTE: With DMN 1.5. we can keep this empty to use the <<import-to-default-namespace, default namespace>> feature.

**(4) Include model** is the button for confirming the include operation.
Upon confirmation, the selected model(s) will be displayed below the **Included models** tab as a card.

image::tools/authoringDecisions/included-models-tab-cards.png[Included models cards]

**(1)** indicates the number of included models in your model.
The number **2** indicates two included models.

**(2)** is a card displaying details of the included model.

**(3)** is the namespace we gave to the included model.
We can change the namespace **includedLogic** by double-clicking on this value and typing a new namespace value.

> **(4)** gives an option to remove the included model.

Reviewer 2: It would be good to add the case where the user import a DMN where the included model is not present on the workspace.

Author: thank you, good suggestion, done

The last two create the equivalent FEEL expression as well.
Depending on the base type, the enumeration and range will not be available.

[id="included-models"]
=== C. Included models

By default, there is no included model and you should see an empty state screen on the **Included models** tab.

image::tools/authoringDecisions/included-models-tab-empty-state.png[Included models tab empty state]

> To include a first model we need to click **(1) Include model** button.

Reviewer: To include an initial model, click the **(1) Include model** button.

Once the button was clicked a modal will appear.
The modal allows you to include all **DMN** and **PMML** models from the current folder.

image::tools/authoringDecisions/included-models-tab-modal.png[Include model modal]

**(1) all models** is the current folder indicator.

> The **all models** is folder name used only for this demo.

Reviewer: The **all models** is a folder name used only for this demo.

You can choose any folder name you need.

> **(2) Model** dropdown will list all **DMN** and **PMML** models from the **all models** folder.

Reviewer: **(2) Model** is a dropdown that will list all **DMN** and **PMML** models from the **all models** folder.

> **(3) Name** is a namespace we give to the included model and this namespace will be used for referencing included nodes and data types.

Reviewer: **(3) Name** is a namespace we give to the included model, which will be used for referencing included nodes and data types.

> NOTE: With DMN 1.5. we can keep this empty to use the xref:authoring-decisions.adoc#import-to-default-namespace[default namespace] feature.

Reviewer: The link wasn't working for me. `<<import-to-default-namespace, default namespace>>` might be better here

**(4) Include model** is the button for confirming the include operation.

> Depending on the number of models you include, the **Included models** tab will change its visual somehow like below.

Reviewer: Jason was talking about accessibility the other day, so maybe something a bit more descriptive might be better.
e.g.
Upon confirmation, the selected model(s) will be displayed below the **Included models** tab as a card.
WDYT?

image::tools/authoringDecisions/included-models-tab-cards.png[Included models cards]

**(1)** indicates the number of included models in your model.
The number **2** indicates two included models.

**(2)** is a card displaying details of the included model.

**(3)** is the namespace we gave to the included model.

> We can change the namespace **includedLogic** by doubleclick on this value and type new namespace value using keyboard.

Reviewer: We can change the namespace **includedLogic** by double-clicking on this value and typing a new namespace value.

> **(4)** here we will find an option to remove the included model.

Reviewer: **(4)** gives an option to remove the included model.
